website: update 2023.8 release notes (#6666)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/releases/2023/v2023.8.md

## New features

-   Enterprise (preview)

>     This is the first release which includes the _Enterprise_ section, allowing you to acquire a license in our Customer Portal and get enterprise licenses for your authentik instance. See more info [here](../../enterprise/index.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is the first release to include the _Enterprise_ section, where you can acquire a license in our Customer Portal and get enterprise licenses for your authentik instance. See more info [here](../../enterprise/index.md)
```

-   Config reloading

>     For better security and to better support running in a cloud-native environment, authentik now supports dynamic PostgreSQL and Email credentials. In previous versions, both the authentik server and worker container would have to be restarted to detect the new credentials. In 2023.8, these credentials are automatically refreshed just before they are used. This means you can use something like [Hashicorp Vault](https://vaultproject.io) to manage short-term credentials that are rotated once a day or even more frequently without needing to restart authentik.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For better security and to better support running in a cloud-native environment, authentik now supports dynamic PostgreSQL and Email credentials. In previous versions, both the authentik server and worker containers required restarting to detect the new credentials. In 2023.8, these credentials are automatically refreshed just before they are used. This means you can use something like [Hashicorp Vault](https://vaultproject.io) to manage short-term credentials that are rotated once a day or even more frequently without needing to restart authentik.
```

## Upgrading

This release changes the PostgreSQL dependency to require Version 12 or later, which only affects Kubernetes installs. See [here](../../troubleshooting/postgres/upgrade_kubernetes.md) for more info on upgrading.

> ### docker-compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Docker Compose
```

-   outposts/ldap: add more tests (#6188)
-   outposts/ldap: add test for attribute filtering (#6189)
-   outposts: Fix infinite self-recursion in traefik reconciler (#6336)
-   outposts: fix kubernetes patch processing (#6338)
-   outposts: make metrics compliant with Prometheus best-practices (#6398)
-   outposts: support json patch for Kubernetes (#6319)
-   providers/oauth2: fix aud (Audience) field type which can be a list of… (#6447)
-   providers/oauth2: fix grant_type password raising an exception (#6333)
-   providers/oauth2: fix id_token being saved incorrectly leading to lost claims (#6645)

> -   providers/proxy: fix JWKS url in embedded outpost (#6644)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   providers/proxy: fix JWKS URL in embedded outpost (#6644)
```

-   providers/proxy: only intercept auth header when a value is set (#6488)
-   providers/proxy: set outpost session cookie to httponly and secure wh… (#6482)
-   root: always use persistent database connections (#6560)

> -   root: config: config discovery parity between go and python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   root: config: config discovery parity between Go and Python
```
